---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/character-logs/aerendyl-12-29-23/","tags":["Plot","Campaign"]}
---


*Session 11 Day 22 of Bloomwave, year 515 of the Third Age*

*( apologies for any errors; I could hardly keep up with taking notes during the session 😂 )*

On this day's dawn, I returned to the subterranean lake to investigate the shimmering light beneath the water. Upon diving in, I found a stone door that slid into the wall, the mechanism of which had been damaged by some force, providing me with an entryway. Beside a few scattered fragments of a boat and some cloth, an illuminated rune came into sight. A stone arch, untouched by harm, guarded another door. Upon it lay draconic texts that coiled around an engraving of a serpentine dragon. I couldn't read the texts, unfortunately, but I'm assuming this had everything to do with [[Entities/NPCs/Titans/Dragon Spirits/Nexeus\|Nexeus]], the dragon spirit of water. 
*Insert sketch of the rune here, lol*

Given the urgency of the matters we addressed back in the Archives, we decided not to further investigate any findings for now. Therefore, once the storm's died down, [[Entities/NPCs/Dig Team/Grunk the Mighty\|Grunk]]  guided us back to the Archives. 

Inside, we heard voices from within: strangers. [[Entities/Player Characters/Retired/Thaddeus Quill\|Thaddeus]], with his cavalier spirit, strolled ahead while [[Entities/Player Characters/Corvaux\|Corvaux]] and I hung back for a moment … until we heard him cursing. We'd never heard him cursed before!

Our new acquaintances had ( and still have! ) unusual marks on their faces. An elf, who later introduced herself as [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]], had markings that [[Entities/Player Characters/Retired/Thaddeus Quill\|Thaddeus]] attempted to read aloud – an act that was immediately interrupted. Something along the lines of ‘beneath mine eye does this vessel …?’. Her companion, a blue half-orc with the name of [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]], exhibited a far more succinct sign on her forehead – a [[Languages/Deep Speech\|Deep Speech]] symbol signifying ‘hunter’, drawing fear and respect to those who understand its meaning.

All very interesting, but what immediately shook me to my core, was a revelation that felt like a blow to my gut: [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]] had seen [[Entities/NPCs/Malachi\|Malachai]], only two days prior in [[Etherea\|Etherea]], [[Locations/Prime Material Plane, Rakauvi/Sylvari/Sylvari\|Sylvari]]. He had been caged in a farm, unwilling to reveal his fate or destination, and had spoken in [[Languages/Terran\|Terran]], or perhaps it was [[Languages/Primordial\|Primordial]]. [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]], [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]] and a cleric travelling with them had freed him. [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]] showed me a sketch of the cage, and divulged that [[Entities/NPCs/Malachi\|Malachai]] had mentioned [[Strattera University\|Strattera University]] during her conversation with him. With a racing heart, I committed to find out more from her and [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]], the latter apparently being the one to have brought him to a safe house of sorts.

[[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]] confessed her long search for a man named [[Entities/NPCs/Vestan Tlanbourn\|Vestan Tlanbourn]] for fifty years, wanting to seek out the people he has harmed. I still can't really discern what ‘harmed’ entails, but given this figure's apparent relation to [[Entities/Player Characters/Retired/Thaddeus Quill\|Thaddeus]]’ patron, [[Entities/NPCs/Titans/Demons/Thousand-Eyed Deceiver\|Zirel]], I don't imagine it bodes very well.

[[Entities/Player Characters/Retired/Thaddeus Quill\|Thaddeus]] himself recognized the name as an alias of an expelled alumna of the Arcanium he'd attended – one [[Entities/NPCs/Vestan Tlanbourn\|Silas Crowl]]. We learned of his attempted theft of information regarding a [[Items/Crown of the Faceless King\|crown of a ‘faceless king’]] and stealing books of high-level enchantment, facilitating the strictly regulated ( if not forbidden? ) mind control.

Meanwhile, [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]] was conducting her research on poachers, who, according to her laconic explanation, hunt magical creatures. [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]] and I offered some help, after which I gained some insight into her specific mission after recognizing the dwarven intricacies in her armour and the [[Entities/Factions/Stonesong Sentinels\|Stonesong Sentinels]] insignia on her ring. We at length found out the poachers she's after were last sighted in the [[Locations/Feywild/Winter/Winter\|Winter]] Court, capturing winter creatures.

After much discussion, we decided our next step would be to [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|the Feywilds]]. We had options such as returning to [[Etherea\|Etherea]], [[Locations/Prime Material Plane, Rakauvi/Sylvari/Sylvari\|Sylvari]], or heading back to the Elemental Plane of Earth via [[Locations/Prime Material Plane, Rakauvi/Hallowhymn/Hallowhymn\|Hallowhymn]] ( though that would serve no real purpose, according to [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]]; her target appeared to no longer there ).

As much as I would wish to chase straight after [[Entities/NPCs/Malachi\|Malachai]], my personal endeavours felt woefully unimportant in comparison to the threat [[Entities/Player Characters/Retired/Thaddeus Quill\|Thaddeus]]'s labours under these days, [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]]’s quest to find [[Entities/NPCs/Vestan Tlanbourn\|Vestan]], [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]]’s noble calling regarding these poachers, and, of course, the [[Terms and phrases/Pale Blight\|Pale Blight]] that has somehow made its way into [[Locations/Prime Material Plane, Rakauvi/Rakāuvi\|Rakāuvi]]. As such, following all leads we had about these matters at once would lead us straight into [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|the Feywilds]], and thus we made our choice.

There is an Archive in [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|the Feywilds]], based in [[Locations/Feywild/Winter/Mosskarm\|Mosskarm]], within an active volcano that we might travel to. This is both the fastest method for us to traverse the distance *and* a one-way ticket, courtesy of the cleric accompanying [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]] and [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]]. Once we are ready to return to the [[Locations/Prime Material Plane, Rakauvi/Rakāuvi\|Material Plane]] ( and alive to do so, hopefully?! ), we will have to find another means to travel.

As I pen these words, my heart is full of anticipation and worry. The path ahead is fraught with peril, but the chance of tying up all these loose ends and hopefully save a life or two make it more than worth it. Assuming I make it back out of this tangled mess alive, I will set out to find m- *deep, inky black scribble* [[Entities/NPCs/Malachi\|Malachai]].
