---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/character-logs/luck-of-the-draw-2-17-24/","tags":["Plot","Campaign"]}
---

Feywild journal
Property of Luck
Day: Anywhere between 100-300 years, apparently

My senses are slowly returning to me, though I'm still in a bit of a elated state finally free of that same repeating patch of wood and mountain. My second conversation in who knows how long went not as bad as it could have. I don't think I made a bad impression of myself anyway. Better than my first with this group, I'm sure to regain my charm in time.. if said charm still applies to this day and age?

Apparently, based solely on [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]]'s memory of [[Ambassador Ushan\|Ambassador Ushan]], it could have been as long as 300 years since my banishment to Winter. My thoughts immediately go to my family in [[Locations/Prime Material Plane, Rakauvi/Baheera/Baheera\|Baheera]], even in the ideal scenario of roughly a 100 years its unlikely anyone I knew is still alive. I hope the [[Angel's Share\|Angel's Share]] is doing well regardless, if they're still in business I have at least a centuries worth of donations to catch up on. I must keep moving forward however, theres still every chance I die in the Feywilds and nothing occurring in [[Locations/Prime Material Plane, Rakauvi/Rakāuvi\|Rakāuvi]] matters unless I can get there alive. 

Following that I had an amusing arm wrestling contest with [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]] and [[Entities/Player Characters/Aerendyl\|Aeren]], I hadn't expected to win really but it was nice levity. I also learned that I have some like-minded companions in this party, improves the odds I'll try and stick with them after we make it out of the Feywilds. [[Entities/Player Characters/Mirri\|Entities/Player Characters/Mirri]] especially, they seemed very excited to meet a fellow charlatan. [[Entities/Player Characters/Corvaux\|Corvaux]] had a connection with the demon influence in [[Silver Maple\|Silver Maple]], in the Autumn court. So we found rapport, or I hope we did, in my mission to deal with that demonic influence. [[Entities/Player Characters/Corvaux\|Corvaux]] described a "[[Terms and phrases/Pale Blight\|Pale Blight]]" that I should take extreme caution in facing, though they also said trying would be foolish so I'm having trouble telling where I stand with them.

Further interesting me in sticking with this group, apparently they're interesting enough to have people attempting to assassinate them in the dead of "night". [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]], a very large and intimidating member of this party, was attacked by some devil worshipping poacher with a paralytic poison. They had apparently fought a group of these before meeting me, a shame I wasn't there for it it would have been quite the memory. The assassin was fought off quickly, I managed the killing blow but truly [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]] was more than tough enough to have done that themselves. 

[[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]] figured that the assassin appeared in camp thanks to a magic bag they took from them earlier. There was some brief discourse between [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]] and the group, the rest trying to learn more about why [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]] was after these poachers in the first place. Eventually though it was settled we would see where this bag leads, try and deal with whatever or whoever's on the other side. The cave was sealed by [[Entities/Player Characters/Aerendyl\|Aeren]], and a number of spells cast in preparation, that were unfortunately wasted as all of us but a now magically disguised [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]] were sent directly to magic dampening cells.

[[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]], through I can only assume was clever deception, got past a little girl that was in the other room and recognized who [[Entities/Player Characters/Runa\|Runa]] was disguised as. After writing our names into a book and giving us each tokens stamped with the symbol of [[Entities/NPCs/Titans/Devils/Asmodeus\|Asmodeus]], something that I picked up must've had prior meaning to this group in addition to the devil worshippers here, we were able to walk free of our cells and explore what a disembodied voice explained to us was "[[Dain's Prison\|Dain's Prison]]" and a demiplane. 

As a sign off, I'm trying to steal a cold stone/gem/whatever that these people were using as a part of their cooler. Apparently it might explode if I try and chip pieces off, dying in a freezer is probably near the bottom of my desired ways to kick the bucket so I'll just stick to stealing the food if I can't get the rock.

