---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/character-logs/thaddeus-9-20-23/","tags":["Plot","Campaign"]}
---

*Personal Diary, Entry 32, 12th of Dewfall, Year 515*

As described in my previous entry, I am traveling to known sources of ancient information. In the time between entries I have put efforts toward restudying all of my work, the works of other archeologists if it is for artifacts of a similar time, and as of today visiting The Halls of Ancestry. As I understand it, it is a small and very old archive of information related to the dragons and those of draconic ancestry. Unfortunately, like many things in my life these last few months, things took a turn for the worse. I had expected to gain access to the library, do a cursory search for helpful information, and try to figure out how much of my time the information was worth. 

Rather, it started normal. The entrance was well hidden, even to someone who knew what to look for. It blends in almost looking like nothing other than a simple cave entrance. Roughly at the same time, an Emerald Dragonborn came upon the entrance with me. They introduced themselves as Lady Liatris, they appeared to have a particular interest in my familiar, Sid. We shared some brief conversations about smugglers and archeology before entering the library. Sid sensed something as we entered, I sniffed the air and noticed the smell of burning papers. Together, Lady Liatris and I rushed inside immediately assuming a fire was burning in the library. Having caution for my safety, I used Sid to scout ahead. Lady Liatris used some manner of magic to take on a starry form, had the situation not been so dire I may have paid enough attention to describe it. 
Sid pressed onward for me, I observed through their eyes a masked individual attempting to pry something from the wall. I chose to cast an invisibility spell upon  Lady Liatris who followed but did not seem to immediately notice the man, I then spoke through Sid to warn them and had Sid hide on the ceiling. Unfortunately, the invisibility ended up being of little help to us, the masked thief seemingly gave up on their task and ran through the library away from us. Lady Liatris gave chase, I took refuge within my ring so that Sid could get me there much faster than my own feet could. The thief ran into the burning library, got around a corner, and seemed to vanish. Thinking they had got away, I left my ring and sent Sid to inspect where we had first spotted the masked thief.

This seemed to have been a very lucky decision on my part, Sid sent simple messages to me that conveyed a strange metallic creature had taken up the work the thief abandoned, prying what I later learned was a topaz from the wall. Lady Liatris in the meanwhile managed to find the thief, hiding just out of sight. They seemed keen on the immediate execution of our thief but rather I chose to enchant the thief into being willing to answer our questions once the flames burning these very valuable books had been put out. While I did my best to save the books, Lady Liatris assisted Sid in recovering that topaz and killing the creature which left behind a small vial of green liquid upon its destruction.
When the fires were put out, and Lady Liatris was present for questioning this thief, we were able to gleam some important information. This person, or others that may be down here with him, were indeed the ones to set this fire. I tried to gleam specific information but it wasn’t very clear to me why they were doing these things, who was involved, what those mechanical creatures are, and several other things. In response to my asking about the strange creatures, if those were theirs, they replied “We have many gifts.” when questioning why they would do this the common response was, and I am paraphrasing, “In with the new, out with the old.” or “Make room for the new.”

I had hoped to keep the mask, despite their vague and prideful answer to the question "Is the mask all your group will need to identify you by?" I presumed the mask might help deal with the thief's allies. However in Lady Liatris’ “excitement” while disposing of the thief, the mask and portions of the robe were dissolved. I would like to note for posterity, that my opinions on violent resolution are unchanged I simply didn’t suppose I could stop Lady Liatris, who seemed very keen on killing the thief. I suppose I cannot blame them given the importance a place like this library and temple must hold to themselves especially. In the meanwhile, I attempted to find any of the information I had come to this library for, no such luck but I only had a short time to search so it was unlikely I’d find much amongst the half-burned shelves of books.
Together Lady Liatris and I decided to search the library for this supposed group the thief was with, we entered the temple portion of this library where more of those mechanical creatures were spinning green webs across portions of the temple. The temple seemed to be a worshipping place to a draconic being called “Nexus” a subject that Lady Liatris knew more than I, though I took notice of the old statue and prayers that were etched into the ground around it. Lady Liatris seemed to notice something I hadn’t with the strange webs and began attacking the creatures making them, we defended ourselves as they attacked in turn, destroyed one of them. We then had to chase the second as it ran across the temple, and stopped at a portion of the wall that was worn down and visibly different than the surrounding stone, the creature seemed to be looking for something there but failed to find it and chose to crawl out of view.

I write this entry still within the temple, my attempts at finding what that spot of the wall was hiding fruitless for the time being. I am a bit torn on whether I should continue journeying in this place with Lady Liatris. They are very adamant about finding those responsible for this attack on the library with or without me but the present danger has become very clear and leaving now would simply be an act of self-preservation. However, the mystery surrounding today's events would be truly agonizing to leave unsolved despite how little it has to do with my problems. I will have to think about this longer as we explore.


