---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/character-logs/thaddeus-10-15-23/","tags":["Plot","Campaign"]}
---

*Personal Diary, Entry 45, 20th of Bloomwave, Year 515*

Many entries lately, as described in my last entry I am in the ruins I had discovered at the bottom of a well in the Baheera desert, not far from the Arkehost Oasis. I am seemingly being tested by the architects of this place, Yuan-ti architects specifically. Interestingly enough it would appear the same hands that built these ruins had worked on the Halls of Ancestry, or perhaps someone trained under the same architect. My initial theory of this being somehow tied to the Halls of Ancestry is looking more and more accurate, though the follow-up theory of it being a portion of the very same ruins was quickly proven false. Only two rooms were carried away by that dragon, and these ruins have many more chambers than that.

For what reason the Yuan-ti built these testing chambers, I do not yet know. Thus far, a majority of the tests have required that I give something to some extent. In the first chamber, the one as described in my last entry, I had to write my name upon the parchment and demonstrate a few spells before the next chamber was available to me. The second chamber was a simple room with many old papers strewn about largely atop an old table in the chamber's center. Everything I could find in the room was some manner of anecdote, personal note, recipe, etc. the chamber wanted me to share personal knowledge it seemed. I offered a significant amount of unpublished findings from my research into an ancient civilization that died out over 1000 years ago. In response I was shown visually much of that same information, appearing upon the chambers ceiling, as well as gaining access to the third chamber.

Before I could enter the third chamber however, Sid took notice of something. To my surprise, once I had sent Sid to check out whatever it heard and viewed through their senses, a small group of travelers were at the well. One of which was in a bit of a precarious situation, where it seemed they began to try scaling the 200 ft deep well without any rope or climbing kit. We exchanged some brief conversation, they seemed to take some interest in joining me in the ruins, if only due to a partial belief I may need some help. There was a dragonborn with them who claimed to know me, they did however make a remark about stealing Sid and leaving me in the well, so I do hope I didn’t acquaint myself with someone who would actually do such a thing. I briefly watched them as they began the first chamber’s puzzle, and returned to my senses to enter the third room.

The third chamber took me much less time than the previous two, I may have also incidentally done something other than the intended “answer” to this chamber but I have yet to make enough observations to be sure. There were four altars, three of which had statues that were depictions of various Gods, each facing a fountain at the chambers center. These Gods were of varying domain, modern relevance, and appearance so in the moment I could not see any pattern. I interacted with the fountain after noting the statues, in the water were various coins. Seeing no other immediate options and knowing that the previous two chambers required I give something, I tossed a gold piece into the water. The empty altar glowed in a strange light, and when I stood atop it I was whisked away. 

I found myself coming down a short flight of stairs, at the bottom of which another flight leading down and a wide stone slab with a detailed statue of a violet dragon, poised in a curious manner with its head craning to see down a long hallway to the right. Light emanates from the statue, and I can just barely see the outline of a larger room. I had wanted to explore the flight of stairs but found it only led me back to the first, going up or down either flight of stairs always brought me to the other flight of stairs and in front of this statue. I have decided to try and remain here until those travelers can make it here, unfortunately I recalled my familiar Sid and lost any contact with that group. Hopefully this isn’t one of my final entries.

1. Note to self: Check previous entries for mention of a dragonborn, especially around my visit to the Halls of Ancestry.
2. Note to self: Ask for and memorize the dragonborns name, unless I find it in one of my entries.
3. Note to self: I already can’t remember if they all introduced themselves, when we meet, ask for and memorize ALL their names.
4. Note to self: Take better notes of day to day stuff, not just research and theories.


